Add minimal issue templates (#91569)
python/cpython: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug.md

---

> name: Bug Report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Bug report
```

about: Submit a bug report
labels: "type-bug"
---

<!--
  If you're new to Python and you're not sure whether what you're experiencing is a bug, the CPython issue tracker is not

>   the right place to seek help. Please consider one of the following options instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the right place to seek help. Consider the following options instead:
```

  - reading the Python tutorial: https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/
  - posting in the "Users" category on discuss.python.org: https://discuss.python.org/c/users/7
  - emailing the Python-list mailing list: https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/python-list
  - searching our issue tracker (https://github.com/python/cpython/issues) to see if
    your problem has already been reported
-->

> **Bug Report**

Reviewer: For consistency with below, and sentence case is slightly more readable.
```suggestion
**Bug report**
```

A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

> Please include a minimal, reproducible example (https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example), if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include a minimal, reproducible example (https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example), if possible.
```

> **Environment details**

Reviewer: As crash report:
```suggestion
**Your environment**
```

(Or flip the other to match this.)

<!-- Include as many relevant details as possible about the environment you experienced the bug in -->

- CPython versions tested on:

> - Operating system and version:

Reviewer 2: Architecture?

Author: Good point, I think that's something I forgot to change from the mypy issue template!

<!--
You can freely edit this text. Remove any lines

> you believe are unnecessary.

Reviewer 2: ⚠️ ⛏️  nitpick nitpick ⚠️ ⛏️ 

either:
```suggestion
You can freely edit this text.
Remove any lines you believe are unnecessary.
```

...or:
```suggestion
You can freely edit this text. Remove any lines you believe are unnecessary.
```

Ditto for all of these footers.

Author: Done!

> You can freely edit this text, please remove all the lines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can freely edit this text, remove all the lines
```

Author: ```suggestion
You can freely edit this text. Remove any lines
```
